Gu Nuannuan, come to me quickly
These are my old sketches.
You've been copying me
So what?
No one believes you
Gu Qingqing, I urge you to recognize the reality
I've been misanthropic for so many years
You think you can shake my position with one word
Don't daydream
So what?
In the end, who knows?
We'll see won't we.
Mr. Yan
Thank you for your hard work, everyone is here, everyone is here
What about Gu Qingqing?
Gu Qingqing is suspected of plagiarism
I'm afraid I didn't fall in love
plagiarism
That's not possible.
Mr. Yan
Although I don't understand why you always favor me like this
Protect Gu Qingqing
But he has touched my bottom line
It has touched the bottom line of the entire design community
If you keep protecting him like this
I think
I'm afraid it will break the heart of the entire design department staff
Mr. Yan, I testify
Gu Qingqing plagiarized Nuannuan's work
Misbehaving people like him
You can't stay in Yan's Group at all
I can also testify
Gu Qingqing's manuscript?
Just like Sister Nuannuan
Sister Nuannuan's submission time
It's still a day earlier than Gu Qingqing
And me?
I can also testify
Qingqing's work was completed by me watching him with my own eyes
How is it possible to plagiarize?
Even if it is plagiarized, it is definitely Gu Nianuan's plagiarism.
Gently, I believe in Gu Qingqing's character
I'll check this out.
If I can find the true vitality
I will also be severely punished
Hello Qingqing
I went to the door of the Costume of the Century competition
Why didn't I see you?
Actually, you want to come to my game too
See you later. Okay.
Then I'll wait for you at the door.
It's been almost half an hour
Why haven't you come yet?
Hello, the user you dialed is temporarily unavailable.
Mr. Ye is turned off
I'll check the surveillance.